packages/web-components/src/components/ic-accordion/readme.md, before:

# ic-accordion



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description                                   | Type                             | Default    |
| ---------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ---------- |
| `disabled` | `disabled` | If `true`, the accordion will be disabled.    | `boolean`                        | `false`    |
| `expanded` | `expanded` | If `true`, the accordion appears expanded.    | `boolean`                        | `false`    |
| `heading`  | `heading`  | The section header outlining section content. | `string`                         | `""`       |
| `message`  | `message`  | The main body message of the accordion.       | `string`                         | `""`       |
| `size`     | `size`     | The size of the accordion.                    | `"large" \| "medium" \| "small"` | `"medium"` |


## Methods

### `setFocus() => Promise<void>`

Sets focus on accordion heading.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                   |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `"heading"` | Content is placed as the accordion heading.   |
| `"icon"`    | Content is placed to the left of the heading. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-accordion --> ic-typography
  style ic-accordion fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

feat(web-components): accordion dark mode
Accordion dark mode

packages/web-components/src/components/ic-accordion/readme.md, after:

# ic-accordion



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description                                                                                                                             | Type                             | Default     |
| ---------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `disabled` | `disabled` | If `true`, the accordion will be disabled.                                                                                              | `boolean`                        | `false`     |
| `expanded` | `expanded` | If `true`, the accordion appears expanded.                                                                                              | `boolean`                        | `false`     |
| `heading`  | `heading`  | The section header outlining section content.                                                                                           | `string`                         | `""`        |
| `message`  | `message`  | The main body message of the accordion.                                                                                                 | `string`                         | `""`        |
| `size`     | `size`     | The size of the accordion.                                                                                                              | `"large" \| "medium" \| "small"` | `"medium"`  |
| `theme`    | `theme`    | Sets the theme color to the dark or light theme color. "inherit" will set the color based on the system settings or ic-theme component. | `"dark" \| "inherit" \| "light"` | `"inherit"` |


## Methods

### `setFocus() => Promise<void>`

Sets focus on accordion heading.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot        | Description                                   |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `"heading"` | Content is placed as the accordion heading.   |
| `"icon"`    | Content is placed to the left of the heading. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-accordion --> ic-typography
  style ic-accordion fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
